KOGITO-7421 kswf runtime tools quarkus dev ui docs (#38)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/quarkus-dev-ui-workflow-definition-page.adoc

= Kogito Serverless Workflow Definitions page

The Workflow Definitions Page shows the list of available Workflow Definitions that you can use to trigger Cloud Events and start Workflow Instances. It provides a <<Workflow Definition filters,filter>> to search for the Definitions and has a <<Workflow Definitions table,table>> which shows the list of available Workflow Definitions.

.The Workflow Definitions page
image::tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-workflow-definitions.png[]

== Workflow Definitions table

.The table provides the following details of the Workflow Definitions
* *Workflow Name*: The name of the Workflow Definition.
* *Endpoint*: The URL to the Workflow Definition.
* *Actions*: Provides a button to start a new Workflow.

== Workflow Definition filters

.The Workflow Definitions filter
image::tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-workflow-definitions-filter.png[]

> You can filter a given Workflow Definition by typing the *Workflow Name* in the *Filter by workflow name* search bar and then click on the *Apply Filter* button.The applied filters appear as a chip below the search bar.You can clear the required filters by using the '*x*' button in each chip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter a given Workflow Definition by typing the *Workflow Name* in the *Filter by workflow name* search bar and then click on the *Apply Filter* button. The applied filters appear as a chip below the search bar. You can clear the required filters by using the '*x*' button in each chip.
```

Click on the *Refresh* icon to fetch any newly added Workflow Definitions.
The *Reset to default* button clears all the applied filters (default).

== Trigger Cloud Event page

> Clicking on the play button in the *Actions* column of Workflow Definitions table navigates you to the Tirgger Cloud Events page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the play button in the *Actions* column of Workflow Definitions table navigates you to the Trigger Cloud Events page.
```

= Kogito Serverless Workflow Definitions page

The Workflow Definitions Page shows the list of available Workflow Definitions that you can use to trigger Cloud Events and start Workflow Instances. It provides a <<Workflow Definition filters,filter>> to search for the Definitions and has a <<Workflow Definitions table,table>> which shows the list of available Workflow Definitions.

.The Workflow Definitions page
image::tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-workflow-definitions.png[]

== Workflow Definitions table

.The table provides the following details of the Workflow Definitions
* *Workflow Name*: The name of the Workflow Definition.
* *Endpoint*: The URL to the Workflow Definition.
* *Actions*: Provides a button to start a new Workflow.

== Workflow Definition filters

.The Workflow Definitions filter
image::tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-workflow-definitions-filter.png[]

> You can filter a given Workflow Definition by typing the *Workflow Name* in the *Filter by workflow name* search bar and then click on the *Apply Filter* button.The applied filters appear as a chip below the search bar.You can clear the required filters by using the 'x' button in each chip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can filter a given Workflow Definition by typing the *Workflow Name* in the *Filter by workflow name* search bar and then click on the *Apply Filter* button.The applied filters appear as a chip below the search bar.You can clear the required filters by using the '*x*' button in each chip.
```

Click on the *Refresh* icon to fetch any newly added Workflow Definitions.
The *Reset to default* button clears all the applied filters (default).

== Trigger Cloud Event page

Clicking on the play button in the *Actions* column of Workflow Definitions table navigates you to the Tirgger Cloud Events page.

.Trigger Cloud Event page
image::tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-trigger-cloud-events.png[]

> You can input the right *Type* and *Data* and click on the *Send* button to start a Workflow.

Reviewer 2: I'd mention here that type refers to the cloud event type to be triggered and Data is the payload the event will contain in JSON format

The *Reset* button can be used to clear any entered values.

You can also make use of the *Business key* text box to provide a custom Businesskey value to the Workflow Instance. If it is left blank, an auto-generated Business Key will be provided to the Workflow Instance.

.Example values to trigger a workflow
image::tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-tirgger-cloud-event-values.png[]

> On successful start of the the Workflow Instance, a success alert pops-up on the top. The alert has a *Go to workflow list* which can be used to navigate to the xref:tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/quarkus-dev-ui-workflow-instances-page.adoc[Workflow  Instances page]. Clicking on the 'x' closes the alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On successful start of the the Workflow Instance, a success alert pops-up on the top. The alert has a *Go to workflow list* which can be used to navigate to the xref:tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/quarkus-dev-ui-workflow-instances-page.adoc[Workflow  Instances page]. Clicking on the '*x*' closes the alert.
```
